README.md, before:

# Phantom-Domain-2019
Phantom Domain 2019 Setting


Phantom Domain Document 2019 Alpha
Profile Setting
Last updated by a9977321 on Sept. 17th, 2019

Victory conditions will be given at the beginning of the game. A partial profile will be publicated at the game beginning, which contains 1 ability for each player and the aliiance info of its owner as well as the flag info of good players. 



Player1

Alliance: Evil(phantom)

Flag=false

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Good are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met

Ability_Mastermind: You start the game with the alliance info of all players from Alliance Good. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_trickster: You will not have access to phantom area until day16 without making requests.You got 1 token on day1, day6 and day11 if you do not request the access.   (rule)

Ability_Unstoptable: Your mod helper units and vacant mod piperunner can clear units in the way. The target is determined by the route to the destination. (rule)




Player2

Alliance: Evil

Flag=true

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Good are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met

Ability_Curse: Select a player and name his flag. If flag condition matches the target player will receive buffs/debuffs based on the alliance. Good player becomes an available target of all mod helper units & piperunner for 5 days. Neutral player received 0.5* tokens from the lab for the next 10 days(unable to stack). Evil player receives 1 token.The ability can be activated every 5 days.  (active)(revealed)

Ability_token_info: You received a token info at the beginning of day6 and every 5 days afterward. (rule)

Ability_Mr_Anonymous: You can send anonymous messages for free(rule). 





Player3

Alliance: Neutral

Flag=true

Victory Condition: 1. Obtain the flag info of all players. 2. Survive until Condition1 is met. 3. No other victory condition is met. 

Notes regarding Condition1: You can attempt to guess every 5 days. Send a message to mod to do so. 

Ability_Flag_detector: The flag info of defeated players will be revealed in a broadcast. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Hacker: You can choose a player and name his flag. If the flag condition matches you will steal a token from target player. The attempt fails if target player has no tokens. The ability can be used every 5 days. The ability will be disabled if the flag condtion does not match. (active)

Ability_Scout: Mod unit purchase list & mod vision cost only 1 token each. (rule)





Player4

Alliance: Neutral

Flag=False

Victory Condition: 1 Obtain 15 tokens. 2 Survive until other players met their victory condition. 

Ability_Commander: Mod helper units cost 1 token less. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Alarm: When a player trys to deduct your tokens you learn his name. (passive)

Ability_Miner: You got 1 token on day5 and every 5 days afterward. (rule)





Player5

Alliance: Good

Flag=True

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_Lv1_Oracle: You will be given the name of 3 players who come from all three alliance. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_APC_factory: You can send a mod APC after yourself for free every day. (active)

Ability_Avenger: When you become the target of mod piperunner or mod units players doing so will receive the same service. (passive)





Player6

Alliance: Good

Flag=False

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_Judgment_Day: You can spend 10 tokens and defeat all players from Alliance Evil. The ability can be activated since day40. (active)(revealed)

Ability_Immortality: You can continue playing the game after your defeat. (rule)

Ability_The_Pit: Mod helper units on your properties & your HQ city will be deleted. (Rule)





Player7

Alliance: Good

Flag=True

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_Recon_Patrol: A mod recon will accompany each mod land helper units you send. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Mark_of_Revenge: The player defeating you will be marked.  Your alliance will be revealed and the marked player became the target of mod piperunner for 5 days, lose 3 tokens (can be minus) and a mod tank will be sent after that player for 5 days. (passive)

Ability_lottery_king: Your APC counts as 0.5 APC in the APC lottery(passive). 







Player8

Alliance: Good

Flag=False

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_1.5*_income: You got 1.5 token for occupying the lab. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Surviliance: You can choose a player and you will have the knowledge of target player's token changes in the next 5 days.The ability can be activated every 5 days.  (active)

Ability_Reset: You can destroy all mod helper units ready to move and reset the target of the mod piperunner. The ability can be activated only once. (active)

Commit message:

add some extra desption for skills and try some balance update (for first five player)

README.md, after:

# Phantom-Domain-2019
Phantom Domain 2019 Setting


Phantom Domain Document 2019 Alpha
Profile Setting
Last updated by a9977321 on Sept. 17th, 2019

Victory conditions will be given at the beginning of the game. A partial profile will be publicated at the game beginning, which contains 1 ability for each player and the aliiance info of its owner as well as the flag info of good players. 

General:

- A "revealed" means ....
- A "rule" means ...


Player1

Alliance: Evil(phantom)

Flag=false

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Good are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met

Ability_Mastermind: You start the game with the alliance info of all players from Alliance Good. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_trickster: You will not have access to phantom area until day16 without making requests.You got 1 token on day1, 1.5 tokens on day6 and 2 tokens day11 if you do not request the access.   (rule)

Ability_Unstoptable: Your mod helper units and vacant mod piperunner can clear units in the way. The target is determined by the route to the destination. (rule)




Player2

Alliance: Evil

Flag=true

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Good are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met

Ability_Curse: Select a player and name his flag. If flag condition matches the target player will receive buffs/debuffs based on the alliance. Good player becomes an available target of all mod helper units & piperunner for 5 days. Neutral player received 0.5* tokens from the lab for the next 10 days(unable to stack). Evil player receives 1 token.The ability can be activated every 5 days.  (active)(revealed)

Ability_token_info: You received a token info at the beginning of day6 and every 5 days afterward. (rule)
token info will be shown on following format:...

Ability_Mr_Anonymous: You can send anonymous messages for free(rule). 





Player3

Alliance: Neutral

Flag=true

Victory Condition: 1. Obtain the flag info of all players. 2. Survive until Condition1 is met. 3. No other victory condition is met. 

Notes regarding Condition1: You can attempt to guess every 5 days. Send a message to mod to do so. 
you can guess by format s.t.: "FTTTFTTF" (T means this player Flag = true while F means false , the No.X letter means Xth player.)
when you attempt fails, you will get a number that how many guesses are right.

Ability_Flag_detector: You can choose if the flag info of defeated players will be revealed in a broadcast. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Hacker: You can choose a player and name his flag. If the flag condition matches you will steal a token from target player. The attempt fails if target player has no tokens. The ability can be used every 5 days. The ability will be disabled if the flag condtion does not match. (active)

Ability_Scout: Mod unit purchase list & mod vision cost only 1 token each. (rule)





Player4

Alliance: Neutral

Flag=False

Victory Condition: 1 Obtain 15 tokens. 2 Survive until other players met their victory condition. 

Ability_Commander: Mod helper units cost 1 token less. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Alarm: When a player trys to deduct your tokens you learn his name. (passive)

Ability_Miner: You got 1 token on day5 and every 5 days afterward. (rule)





Player5

Alliance: Good

Flag=True

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_Lv1_Oracle: You will be random given the name of 3 players who come from all three alliance. (rule)(revealed)
note that yourself may be included.

Ability_APC_factory: You can send a mod APC target yourself for free every day. (active)
this APC cant be see a replacement of HQ even in same location.

Ability_Avenger: When you become the target of mod piperunner or mod units players doing so will receive the same service. (passive)
APC_factory wont active this passive.




Player6

Alliance: Good

Flag=False

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_Judgment_Day: You can spend 10 tokens and defeat all players from Alliance Evil. The ability can be activated since day40. (active)(revealed)

Ability_Immortality: You can continue playing the game after your defeat. (rule)

Ability_The_Pit: Mod helper units on your properties & your HQ city will be deleted. (Rule)





Player7

Alliance: Good

Flag=True

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_Recon_Patrol: A mod recon will accompany each mod land helper units you send. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Mark_of_Revenge: The player defeating you will be marked.  Your alliance will be revealed and the marked player became the target of mod piperunner for 5 days, lose 3 tokens (can be minus) and a mod tank will be sent after that player for 5 days. (passive)

Ability_lottery_king: Your APC counts as 0.5 APC in the APC lottery(passive). 







Player8

Alliance: Good

Flag=False

Victory Condition: 1. Survive until all players from Alliance Evil are defeated; 2. No other victory condition is met
Ability_1.5*_income: You got 1.5 token for occupying the lab. (rule)(revealed)

Ability_Surviliance: You can choose a player and you will have the knowledge of target player's token changes in the next 5 days.The ability can be activated every 5 days.  (active)

Ability_Reset: You can destroy all mod helper units ready to move and reset the target of the mod piperunner. The ability can be activated only once. (active)
